Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, good morning.
Nick Graham: Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so we can hear each other. Okay.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I can see and hear you just fine. We got a good connection and your phone is charged
Nick Graham: Is charged. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: You mentioned in your texts that you're kind of going through a wave of something negative, and then
Nick Graham: Kind of handled it make it in
Gwenevere Abriel: Today, with some outdoor activity. I'm not sure what what you do.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I don't know. It was like weird and you always talk to you and stuff like that happens. And I basically
Nick Graham: I don't know. It was like a response to something that happened and
Nick Graham: I was like really like
Nick Graham: Angry like like
Nick Graham: Ridiculously angry and like
Nick Graham: And it turned into like
Nick Graham: Terrible despair and then
Nick Graham: Hopelessness and then like bad thinking and then I like
Nick Graham: It like went away after I like went to the gym for like three or four hours to like just force it to go away to where I had no energy and I had to do like sleep.
Nick Graham: So that worked.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so the bad thinking it. God is bad as what were you thinking of wanting to hurt yourself.
Nick Graham: I was thinking like, you know, I like my mind like normally goes to, like,
Nick Graham: Why am I here kind of thing. I didn't like plan.
Nick Graham: Thing but I definitely like
Nick Graham: Felt like tremendously hopeless and
Nick Graham: As like paying attention to, you know, like
Nick Graham: Body stuff, you know, like that's the thing that I think I've learned from all of this is like
Nick Graham: I have this really distinct like
Nick Graham: Chest feeling when that stuff's happening. So I was trying to breathe through it, but I was like ragingly angry and I like said like some really messed up shit to like
Nick Graham: This person who's like, I don't know, trying to figure that part out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you go into the story. Once you go into content with me.
Yeah.
Nick Graham: I was like, talking like my my ex is like, I don't know, I feel like she's probably been like stringing me along a little bit
Nick Graham: And I like found out that she was in California with a boyfriend, you know, and like Bristol. Yeah, married into like talks to me all the time and felt dimension that so I was like
Nick Graham: Really like upset about. And I would probably say, understandably,
Nick Graham: But I just went straight into like
Nick Graham: Let me just go off on you and
Nick Graham: ruin your life as best I can mode.
Gwenevere Abriel: And besides words, how else did you try to ruin your life.
Nick Graham: Well, I just like I did.
Nick Graham: Like I'm like close to their cousin.
Nick Graham: And I like told her cousins and stuff like
Nick Graham: That she had done. And, you know, bad things because I wanted to like
Nick Graham: Make her time and on her trip as bad as I possibly could, like I was, I guess my thinking.
Nick Graham: Because I felt really hurt by it. So,
Nick Graham: All I know is like
Nick Graham: Outrageous anger, like I don't even
Nick Graham: It was like another person like doing all those things. It was strange.
Nick Graham: And then once reality hit. I went straight to, like, oh,
Nick Graham: I'm actually really sad.
Nick Graham: Like really, really, really sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you're you're seeing that you were still hoping that this relationship was going to stay in marriage, there was still this maybe weren't really
Nick Graham: Yeah, I didn't think I didn't like ever think that until this like I maybe it was like an unconscious thought or something.
Nick Graham: You know, going on in the background that I didn't like register necessarily like maybe the thought arose.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: When you were in that rage.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you go kind of unconscious. Is that what I'm hearing a
Nick Graham: Weird thing is I, I just, like, had this numbness like
Nick Graham: I was like I know what I'm doing is like like angry, like it is like just an outward expressions of anger. Like, I know that it's not the right thing to do.
Nick Graham: I don't care. And it was like
Nick Graham: It was like, oh, you know, I guess the way I would think about it is
Nick Graham: The way then like in the Navy, the way they they like when your body starts operating on
Nick Graham: Essentially autopilot when you're in a really stressful situation.
Nick Graham: Um,
Nick Graham: Yeah, that's, that's basically what happened and I was just going like I knew like my my brain was there, but it was. And I was like, watching it and I knew what was happening and I was controlling it, but it was like almost taken over by this
Nick Graham: Other background.
Nick Graham: Thing that was just like running the scene right running the show at that time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, right. So you find out that she's doing this and this was
Gwenevere Abriel: Like Monday when was it
Nick Graham: I think that was, um, maybe Tuesday. Tuesday.
Look in her
Gwenevere Abriel: notes here. Maybe it'll be helpful. So let's see, yesterday was a Wednesday away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you sent me something. Yeah, yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: At about 1246 my time so
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you travel and you stayed up
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Knew it was the wrong thing to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't care.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: It almost sounded like this lasted in order to call the cousin that had to last into the next day. Is that right,
Nick Graham: Or no same night. Yeah. It happened in our episode was like roughly an hour.
Nick Graham: 15 hour 30
Gwenevere Abriel: Was was once the anger disappeared was the realization
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're helpless to change how she feels
Nick Graham: It was more like
Nick Graham: I guess they went straight to like
Nick Graham: Me think
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just try it now. Do you feel like you can change how she feels about you.
Nick Graham: No, no, no, no, no. I think it was like
Nick Graham: I was like, I don't know if there's any like true married to this Stages of Grief thing and I was like looking into that.
Nick Graham: And it's like,
Nick Graham: I feel like I'm pretty well at the
Nick Graham: At the point where I'm like, I don't
Nick Graham: That was that
Nick Graham: In like I can wash my hands of it at this point.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it had a cathartic experience for you somehow you just charged
Gwenevere Abriel: Your feelings for her. Is that what you're trying to tell me
Nick Graham: Yeah, I think so. I think I mean I've like I'm really thought much about her since then.
Nick Graham: I think like, I think what I was doing was trying to make it
Nick Graham: Like so bad between us. I always wind up finding excuses to talk to her. She or something like that. So I think it was I wanted to make things so like terrible between us that there's no shot.
Nick Graham: Of even being friends or anything, because that's like the thing that is the worst thing for me. So, and then after that, and I've really been
Nick Graham: Okay, like
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Seems a bit self destructive feels a bit sabotaging
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess, is we would find elements of that in other domains of your life where that sit with the ambivalence of something and
Gwenevere Abriel: Just annihilate the possibility and then you don't have to face the ambivalence of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Nick Graham: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Okay. But right now I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Last 24 hours you how much sleep. Have you had last night.
Nick Graham: I got a pretty well. I think
Nick Graham: Maybe like six hours. Five and a half hours last night.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're saying you're not ruminating over. Hey, I did this, she did that, how could it have been different. You didn't spend a lot of time thinking about, I
Nick Graham: Really didn't I think I've done all that in the past several months.
Nick Graham: A lot. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe this last piece was you're you're facing whatever piece of denial about expectation, I
Nick Graham: Maybe you did have a
Vacation.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that just you just made sure that wasn't there anymore.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I believe so. But it's like it's like just alarming like the way I went about it.
Nick Graham: And like I could tell it the whole time I was like, all right, this is the same thing, I feel, and I'm
Nick Graham: You know, and I was like trying to breathe and it's like, just not working just now.
Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you found it sounds like you found another another way to what would be kind of discharge.
Gwenevere Abriel: Went to the
Gwenevere Abriel: And what what kind of exercises were you doing over there for those three hours.
Nick Graham: And then like running and then lifting in that run again and then I would like climb the little stare things and then
Nick Graham: Run again and then the like just whatever just back and forth and back and forth and back and forth and until I was like so tired that I went home and passed out basically in it worked for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And prior to
Gwenevere Abriel: Wednesday, let's say what was maybe Monday, Tuesday, what was last weekend like for you.
Nick Graham: Um,
Nick Graham: Yeah, when I got to
Nick Graham: Space called the healer, which is like down the southwest part of the state and
Nick Graham: went out and did some like really cool stuff. I saw like
Nick Graham: When I'm like a little trip like for the weekend.
Nick Graham: And
Nick Graham: It was nice, relaxing.
Nick Graham: Monday and Tuesday, we're fine. I like started, I started like really really working out really hard.
Nick Graham: So I'm trying to figure out a way to not have the light shine.
Nick Graham: In your eyes so
Nick Graham: Yeah, it was kind of a lot of that.
Nick Graham: It's been pretty
Nick Graham: Like a lot of like I would probably use the term self care, like a lot of that going
Very nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me just do a little temperature check and see. So if, if I'm your ex. What's the summary, what do you say to me.
Nick Graham: I would not have a thing to say to you.
I wouldn't
Nick Graham: Have this person blocked and
Nick Graham: I really
Nick Graham: Don't know what the stages, but I have not one word. I would say I think I've said everything in the past several months that I could ever have said too many things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But zero is also an extreme. So that's what I'm testing. I'm checking
Gwenevere Abriel: In so it's a movement from all to now nothing, and I don't have any judgment about it. But my point is
Gwenevere Abriel: There can't be an absolute zero. I don't know for how long, because whether this right and there's there's still a marriage, there's still this
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing that exists right there. So right now it's nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's my point is sitting with a bit of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ambivalence right
Nick Graham: Yeah.
Nick Graham: Definitely like that.
Nick Graham: So yeah, I think that like
Nick Graham: That
Nick Graham: Kind of makes sense like
Nick Graham: I think it probably comes from
Nick Graham: Maybe like
Nick Graham: Guilt in like
Nick Graham: Like maybe all this extreme stuff because like when we were together like it was like really good for a while, but I like sort of like using drugs and getting really stressed out and I wasn't like treating her like well at all.
Nick Graham: And so I think I don't know like
Nick Graham: I think that there would be probably some time in my life that I would acknowledge
Nick Graham: Without any intentions behind it, like, hey, like I definitely pond your mac book and I feel bad about it.
Nick Graham: And
Nick Graham: I would be like, weirdly select like at a time like
Nick Graham: I was like selective on like who she would talk to you, like, yeah, I would ever like certain people in your life that would like
Nick Graham: Be saying weird things to her and I would be like, Oh, like you can't like talk to them, you know, and so I guess I'd probably like maybe expressed some kind of like
Nick Graham: remorse for like
Nick Graham: Being that person because I've never wanted to be that person, but
Gwenevere Abriel: So boring your active addiction. So maybe the piece of making amends is saying listen
Gwenevere Abriel: It's helping me to come to terms and to not go to shame, but rather to just take ownership for what I did take responsibility.
Gwenevere Abriel: Upon your Mac Book I was
Gwenevere Abriel: A bit sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it meets that sort of leverage of power and control trying to control you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and I'm sorry and and I wasn't myself I was in active addiction and
Nick Graham: I'm hoping not to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Again. So, okay, well, right, because the earlier question was,
Gwenevere Abriel: After that catharsis what's left. So I think what I'm hearing you say is what's left is you there might be some space down the line where you want to apologize for something sounds like
I think so. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know that it's
Gwenevere Abriel: White
Gwenevere Abriel: quite the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's almost like that's more about your recovery, whereas this thing that you did with her the other day or last night or whenever it was his big things big event was more about
Gwenevere Abriel: Your identity. Something about
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know, but I think they're a little separate
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I mean,
Nick Graham: Yeah, if you have the ability to expand on that I would like to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's just talk about
Gwenevere Abriel: Accepting what is right now accepting that if, if the operating assumption.
Gwenevere Abriel: For the hypothesis is true, right now, that what you're doing is you're doing the nothing part of an all or nothing approach if that's what's happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's giving you a little bit of psychological space you have a calm, you're not as distressed. So there's a real upside to it.
Nick Graham: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if that's the case, it's a difficult thing to sustain for very long before the all comes in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's so extreme. So the ideal in general is to be able to have access to all aspects of the self.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be able to sit with
Gwenevere Abriel: I still had a fleeting hope that you still wanted me
Gwenevere Abriel: And when I heard you were with this person. I had to really face it.
Nick Graham: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe then I had to also look at my part how I may have done some things that damage the relationship and I didn't, I just, I didn't want to and
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to sit with having feelings for you and and the rejection. I don't want to sit with them. And so I
Gwenevere Abriel: Sabotage any hope of us being friends. Now, that's me, right, I have access to this because it's not personal for me it's not happening to me. I can name it. I can talk about all the different moving parts.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I just want you to know that that is another option. Besides, you know, zero to 60
Nick Graham: Yeah, yeah, definitely, definitely.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that that comes with just moderation and we can we can do some some work on that and just sort of dipping into it feeling a little bit of desensitization to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what comes up, replacing it with with some positive cognition. So doing some of that em Dr work can be affected around that to like picturing. Okay, I'm going to see her. All right. Oh, goodness. Then what and what's the belief about the self and so if the goal is
Gwenevere Abriel: That there's no
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no parts of you that you can't you can't visit
Gwenevere Abriel: Because there's freedom there when you're a whole person, you're not cut off and you're not going to have that a reaction that huge over the top stuff that that you end up. I think you feel bad about what had happened.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's less likely that it's going to be that strong. You probably handle moments we all get like offended and we get insulted, but we can get to our breath and we can go, geez. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. What's my deal here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I can name that again. What's happening for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm feeling rejected I do feel abandoned. But I don't know how ready, you are to sit with those kind of big feelings like
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are big.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel, I feel abandoned like those like tell me as I'm saying it. How true is that for you.
Nick Graham: Oh yeah, like even hearing it is like, you know,
Nick Graham: Kind of like affecting me so like, yeah.
Nick Graham: I didn't know that there could ever be a world where
Nick Graham: Like it's possible to sit with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it is. Oh, it's so powerful and powerful for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it takes all the, all that you can picture all that intensity that that was that anger. Right. You're harnessing it in a different way. When you can sit with the raw of your truth, including the hurt. And I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: No one can ever take
Gwenevere Abriel: That from you. Once you harness it yourself. Once you can say, I know what's happening right now i can i can label this I'm in shock. I really, I can see it right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I almost want to like kill you know like
Gwenevere Abriel: To to kill the feeling. It's so awful.
Gwenevere Abriel: But when we can name it when we can say this is this is what's happening. And we're not stuck in our pride having to pop up and say no.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm too good for that. Who would want to reject me. We all get rejected, we just do not because we're inherently bad but
Gwenevere Abriel: They want something else or who knows why.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're
Gwenevere Abriel: We're the same we're still good and lovable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, tell me more about what comes up for you. Was it the word abandonment rejection, which one's done more.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I think I'm
Nick Graham: Probably abandonment, because it's like like resonates with you know
Nick Graham: The past things that, you know,
Nick Graham: Probably
Nick Graham: And so, yeah, that one's a big one.
Nick Graham: I mean, naturally, I think rejection, just like a
Nick Graham: Bad thing to
Nick Graham: Like, I think the abandonment like kind of strikes me over my record like I definitely can see like the way forward and like when I was angry, like it's the first time I ever stopped and said, hey, like
Nick Graham: I feel this I register these emotions, but I couldn't put it together. So like I see that is like massive progress.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you didn't register.
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone was saying you're angry you at least could see that, like, this is, this isn't matching the, the actual danger to life, like she doesn't have a nice she has never done like
Nick Graham: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not appropriate. It's almost a mismatch amount of intensity, you could see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But yeah, helpless to shift it
Nick Graham: The alarming thing is there was another voice and said I don't fucking care you know like what that was. I don't know who that was.
Nick Graham: In there, but someone
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, so here's the deal.
Gwenevere Abriel: The guy that cares is sad.
Nick Graham: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't want that. So right what happens, we get in touch with the callous cold hearted because that's the aspect that doesn't have to feel destroyed annihilated hopeless vulnerable.
Nick Graham: It's a lot easier to
Gwenevere Abriel: Say Fuck you, fuck it all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Versus what I was introducing earlier, which is actually
Nick Graham: Ending
Gwenevere Abriel: Not being I know it does. So the differences, it's not, you know, screw her what you ended up doing on fortunately was you actually abandoned yourself because in the end you do care you care about yourself. You keep coming to therapy. I can hear you have this consciousness about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's there, and you're not you're not a sociopath. You're not someone who doesn't care about your planet about the people on it. I think you do. It's just, it's a heavy burden you feel it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Intensely and so it is it's convenient to be a screw you guys just like you know because then you don't have to hurt.
Nick Graham: Right.
Nick Graham: Yeah, yeah. I think there's a lot of truth to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it's universal. I mean, on one hand it's it's a pretty handy thing to muster that up. Sometimes it's needed.
Gwenevere Abriel: There'll be certain situations when tapping sensitivity, like I could picture a meeting when you're around, you know, people that
Gwenevere Abriel: In, you know, they're just listing off some things and it's a constructive criticism meeting and you decide to tap into getting hurt you might get so distracted by it. Whereas going to will deal with, you know, the, the hurt ego later.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me get into sort of tell me more about that, you know, and getting right into capitalizing harnessing sort of that that
Nick Graham: Anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it does serve a purpose. I, I never want to tell you that that anger isn't just a great emotion. I think it is. But it almost seems like it was taking over.
Gwenevere Abriel: Other parts of you. So not a real balanced approach. But like you said you saw you saw it a bit happening you tried to do some breathing and then it was
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see. It's up to you what you want to do here today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to meet that vulnerability in you that
Gwenevere Abriel: Base of abandoned. Do you want to have a different relationship with that, that somehow, whether it's conscious or unconscious. Do you want to feel less than negative intensity to that abandonment.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I mean, I think that's the goal of what I'm doing, because my response is always horribly messed up as a result of feeling those feelings or avoiding feeling them. So yeah, I mean that that's the end goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how I know you're you're in your car, how likely is it that we can do any of the bilateral work today.
Nick Graham: I think i think i think it was last time you have
Gwenevere Abriel: soda can, or a cup in there. You could put on each side.
Nick Graham: I got a I got some things
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes it's nice when people keep a messy car because then blessings floating around, right.
Honestly,
Nick Graham: Like to it's like full of all my possessions. You know, like I haven't been back to them.
Yeah.
Nick Graham: Yeah, it's another yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Was a lot of symbolism in there.
Nick Graham: Yeah, let's see. I think I have
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me just see how how your eye moves. And once you get them set up, you know, you want your eyes to be moving about a foot and a half, maybe
1516 inches on
Nick Graham: See
Gwenevere Abriel: If you are sitting at a
Gwenevere Abriel: Laptop maybe, you know, not, not like a full big screen monitor, but some a little smaller. So it seemed like let me watch your eyes move each side maybe switch back just a bit, you might be working a little hard for that might strain your eyes.
Nick Graham: Can you notice that
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, does it hurt when when the
Gwenevere Abriel: One side of the
Gwenevere Abriel: Heart okay okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: If it does, you can, I think, I don't know if you can scoot your seat back. I don't know if you've got stuff back there. Is it, are you jammed up.
Nick Graham: I'm good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, good. Then, because I just rely on your, your feedback on the comfort. Sure. So, um, we, we might do some tight ration down. But let's let's just see where we go with this. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That that insight you had about abandonment, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: How old is that, do you have a sense
Nick Graham: Yeah, I think.
Nick Graham: It's literally his oldest
Nick Graham: almost as old as me. It's
Nick Graham: Age.
Nick Graham: Four.
Gwenevere Abriel: And who abandoned you
Nick Graham: As my dad allegedly
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And I've got a little note right above it. We did some work around that last time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it was my dad allegedly because yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's about age four. That's pretty young people typically can remember about age five, but you have a sense of it even younger like for
Nick Graham: Yeah. Yeah, but I have I have that I had the memory of the
Nick Graham: Divorce paperwork and everything on the page like three and a half. It was like one of my first memories to seeing like a manila envelope.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is a young, young
Nick Graham: Young
Gwenevere Abriel: And just now as you're picturing that manila envelope.
Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Where does that get tight or zap you in the body. Where does that land.
Nick Graham: I'm trying to like
Nick Graham: Activate it, but it was at such an early age that I don't think that they were any there was nothing related to
Nick Graham: Any emotions that I feel right now. Like it was so distant and different and
Nick Graham: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what you're telling me I'm going to make note of that. That's so distant and different not aware of any somatic my body is registering that
Nick Graham: Yeah, I mean, I'm definitely like
Nick Graham: Like, I guess the thought of it is like it probably is stressful, thought I.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thought
Nick Graham: Like in today's terms so
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the belief about yourself. Let's go into that one. I believe about myself what so and I am
Nick Graham: Currently,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's fine.
Nick Graham: Know, I mean, in that case, I almost feeling
Nick Graham: Almost that I am like
Nick Graham: numb to that emotion or to that like specific scenario I go
Nick Graham: Yeah, that's really all I have. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, um, go back up to the triggering event. Why don't we just assume that this interaction with your ex was the triggering event and now sort of bring that recollection
Gwenevere Abriel: There was a again we're operating on my, my hypothesis here, but there was a perceived threat.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you
Gwenevere Abriel: rose up in rage to protect yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder what your belief about yourself is around. Yeah.
Nick Graham: I would say I'm
Nick Graham: Probably I am inadequate or I am like
Nick Graham: Not as good as that guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where, where did you feel that as soon as you said, not as good as that guy. Where did you feel that
Nick Graham: Kind of like
Nick Graham: Chest throat about him of the third kind of area. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What emotion, you're feeling right now. Let's give it a name.
Nick Graham: Probably
Nick Graham: Definitely some some like pain surrounding it. I got it. I don't know if it's an emotion I probably say
Nick Graham: It was should be more concise than just saying
Nick Graham: This
Gwenevere Abriel: Sadness. That is one sad is one
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, pain and sadness. I think that will already use both of those.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what level of distress. Are you in right now. Zero to 100 where yet.
Nick Graham: Maybe like a
Know, fix for now.
Gwenevere Abriel: How long can you tolerate thinking I'm inadequate about how long and not last. Can it last a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Before you're going to want to escape out of that. How long can you tolerate
Gwenevere Abriel: An hour a minute how long
Nick Graham: And definitely
Nick Graham: It's kind of like
Nick Graham: Like, I don't know, maybe something's off. But, I mean, that's kind of like the
Nick Graham: Like the operating state.
Nick Graham: I would say
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're in it all the time. Is your perception.
Nick Graham: Yeah, like in every sense like
Nick Graham: Whether it's like
Nick Graham: You know, like body dysmorphia or
Nick Graham: Maybe in some cases that work like always thinking like, it's not good enough. It's not good enough.
Nick Graham: In terms of like
Nick Graham: Where I am versus like other 28 year olds.
Nick Graham: Yeah, it's pretty well like everywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all over. And so, yeah, I think the way you put it, it's the underlying operating system. You can see it in your opinion.
you're assessing
Gwenevere Abriel: The body of your performance and it sounds like you're doing, you're doing a lot of comparing to the outside. This is a standard you set somehow and it doesn't match you assessed.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I would say so. Like, I think I like try to try to act like I'm not like one of those comparison. People were like, I think deep down, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not good enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm inadequate.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which one seems more true you froze for a second. So I'll wait till we're back.
Together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Frozen.
Gwenevere Abriel: You there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't hear you yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see your name.
Gwenevere Abriel: can't quite hear you, or see you. Maybe it's coming online.
Gwenevere Abriel: So your videos off and I cannot hear you. I don't know what's going on, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe this will
Gwenevere Abriel: Switch back to the way it was because I was hearing you just a little bit ago
Walk the other one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Out of there and
Gwenevere Abriel: Then it should be just you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get to all right let me hear you. Next, so I can test the audio.
Gwenevere Abriel: Say something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there like anything nearby like a Starbucks or fast food restaurants. You could tap into their Wi Fi just thought it asked. I can't hear you right now. I'm kind of hoping you can hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's a stinker.
Gwenevere Abriel: COULD TRY AGAIN log out come back I'll stay if you can hear me talk to you.
Nick Graham: Are we here.
Gwenevere Abriel: We are
Nick Graham: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can't take
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean. We gotta appreciate even a good connection, we can't take anything for granted.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I'm wondering, like the weird thing is, once I turned my vent off. I don't know. I don't know if it was in my end or you're in, but I don't know if my phone overheated or something weird like that. I don't know.
Nick Graham: Who knows.
Nick Graham: Seven minutes on every good
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just see.
Gwenevere Abriel: So my next question tends to be on time but okay so let's just get, let's get to it. Let me ask you something.
Gwenevere Abriel: The negative side right that she had. Is it more is it more closely landing with the I'm inadequate or I'm not good enough.
Nick Graham: I would say I'm inadequate.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. That's the one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so now, picture, picture sort of being being
Find a note. What's her name in it on it.
Maybe I can
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I've got Christiana, and Josh. Those are the people that you use as a resource.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, what's your name again.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your, your wife's name.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right connections, getting a little stinky again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sydney Sydney yeah I got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so picture being with her right that that moment and
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not great, you sound. I'll imitate you, it sounds like this.
Can
Gwenevere Abriel: You hear me so you
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Nick, what this may do is sort of motivate, making sure that these sessions occur in a really good
Gwenevere Abriel: Connection area so you don't miss out.
Gwenevere Abriel: I probably be more inconvenient, but
I can't hear you right now if you're talking
Gwenevere Abriel: stinker.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think it's me because
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm using internet
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's blue skies and I had a session this morning six o'clock. I don't think it's me. I, my guess is something's happening over there on your side.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, if this if you can hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe use texting to to set up another appointment for us.
Gwenevere Abriel: I did keep aside eight in the morning. On February 20 for you. I don't know if you can hear me. But I kept that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, shoot my next clients here too. So what to do, what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: All I can think is
Gwenevere Abriel: To log back out one more time.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can hear me try one more time long and all the way out.
You put it in a Word doc.
I'll text you
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I see you there.
Nick Graham: Hey, can you hear me though.
Gwenevere Abriel: We are so
Gwenevere Abriel: In case I lose you. Again, I do have you scribbled in for eight in the morning, February 20
Gwenevere Abriel: I would recommend, I guess, trying to find more of a more solid place just kind of brainstorm it as you're moving throughout, you know, the city and kind of like, where could I go or obviously because I think we'd see a little better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Outcome. All right, so before we go, let's at least get in your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: The positive cognition, the one that it would be nice that you would have access to. So if you're in that space of I'm inadequate and here you're hearing about Sydney being WITH someone else and it really stings. It is painful right you register it is pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's sad underneath.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would be the ideal.
Gwenevere Abriel: belief about yourself.
Nick Graham: Probably just that.
Nick Graham: I'm not like
Nick Graham: An adequate or bad or anything. I would just the ideal belief would be
Nick Graham: That it's just a difference of opinion in lifestyle and nothing more. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're almost there. You can tell what it's not. I know I wouldn't be saying I'm inadequate to myself, and I'd be able to see this person has a different opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe so and so has another job a day like this. They like that. It's a different of preference and opinion. You can see it. And so now take that you can see, oh, this is I recognize this. I have a different opinion than someone outside of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I believe myself to be
Nick Graham: Moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am so if you can find it. I am
Nick Graham: I think I am just fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just fine. Yeah. Okay, yeah, fine. And is it possible that fine is
Gwenevere Abriel: Much closer to adequate.
Nick Graham: I would say so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, like I'm adequate I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: We're getting close and
Nick Graham: I think we're getting close. I'm
Nick Graham: Trying to describe it in terms of
Nick Graham: Something that's not a negative, like, you know, not a negative so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah it right, it's a lot easier to identify the, the, the, the negative versus the affirmative, and I'm work very hard to get people to state it in the I Am not I am not it works. Ooh, so much better.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he you've been able to find it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here and they're scanning some notes below where you've been able to touch on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you're able to sort of say, it's gonna be okay, right, you're able to say things like, it's, I'm just fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: But being able to identify a new belief about yourself. Seems a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: You can get to. It's all good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can be anything. I want to be.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it's fine. I'm tracking a couple of things you said, but it is hard for you to definitively shift out of the I'm inadequate to
Gwenevere Abriel: Giving yourself even right now and hypothetical what you'd rather the thought be you won't even sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Wishing to do that.
Nick Graham: Yeah, so I don't
Nick Graham: Yeah, I don't really know.
Nick Graham: How to get
Gwenevere Abriel: How you are getting there, but I want it to really come from you, not from me so
Gwenevere Abriel: I think
Gwenevere Abriel: This will stop it. I'm just fine. That would certainly you would recognize that
Gwenevere Abriel: distinguished from the pain that you felt that anguish and therefore intolerable and then you went to rage anger acting out
Gwenevere Abriel: And retaliation and, you know, making the other person feel as you feel right. That's may have been what was going on the other day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and I think you'd recognize. Oh, hey, look at this. I'm fine. I think you'd recognize it as a very big distinction
Gwenevere Abriel: Because if you're fine. Well, then
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no perceived danger. There's no perceived threat. I definitely think you you experience that day. Those 24 hours quite differently than the way you you did with the I'm inadequate belief about yourself. I think you
Gwenevere Abriel: Very different chain of events happen.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I think that the just fine means like
Nick Graham: I'm good. The way I am.
Nick Graham: I don't
Nick Graham: Think
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm good. That's nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whereas the other one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is closer to my bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: This one I'm good. It's simple.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And I could have a very different whole
Gwenevere Abriel: You know novel of pictures and images and evidence of that of I'm good.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you get to feel fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess my my invitation this this week is going to be
To
Gwenevere Abriel: Put it. I know you're living with some housemates but maybe finding a way to put it in.
Nick Graham: Your
Gwenevere Abriel: screensaver on your phone, putting it on your mirror putting it by your bed, putting little sticky notes places so that you get in the habit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of remembering that phrase. It's don't think it's going to come terribly automatic
Gwenevere Abriel: My guess is that's been what you think is going to motivate you toward positive change. Well, if you chastise yourself if you have this negative appraisal and a lot of people do they think, well, if I let myself off the hook. Well, then I'll all amount to nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: All sit on my laurels. I'll be lazy. I've got a
Gwenevere Abriel: But it doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't really work.
Gwenevere Abriel: People feel crappy defeated and it's not a motivator. I think the carrot works better. I think self acceptance and compassion, they end up motivating a lot more because you have so much more access to creativity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Than with the the negative appraisal. So play with that and I know it may seem arbitrary, but believe it or not, we're very much learners through our eyes we we we really do learn a lot and get a lot of
Gwenevere Abriel: Reinforcement through eyes. The more you have that around.
Nick Graham: Versus just forgetting it
Gwenevere Abriel: After today is going to help reinforce it. When we come back and we we visit this space again it'll be done much easier to integrate it into that.
Nick Graham: Yeah. And speaking of that,
Nick Graham: I definitely
Nick Graham: Do feel like
Nick Graham: For the first time, like probably ever like making like progress right now.
Yeah.
Nick Graham: I'm wondering, like, if I can afford to do something like slightly more frequent not like like extremely free like is that a thing that people do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, I sometimes you see people, three times a week. It's completely up to you and our times.
Nick Graham: Figure out if I can afford that. But I think like, it's probably not like a price on mental health, like, well, I mean there is like, by definition, but
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a good investment, I promise. It's not a waste of money. Feeling good is good.
Nick Graham: Because like last week after that that thing. Like I could describe like
Nick Graham: Good things. I think they're on the
Nick Graham: On the horizon. So I do want to try to try to get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'll add to it. Before we go, because I can see my Dells waiting on me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, I have been seeing people recently on the weekend. Right now I have someone scheduled for eight in the morning. This Saturday and no one around that. So if you can budget, it
Gwenevere Abriel: You having a solid hour we already have all of the target mapping figured out, we could spend the whole time loosening up this negative network.
Nick Graham: Yeah, yeah, I'll do Saturday I have to work at 945 I think
Nick Graham: Sagan.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I mean it's seven your time them.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I can do seven Saturday.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what we'll do. So it's nine o'clock, my time and then I have someone right after that.
Nick Graham: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm so proud of you. You're glad to see that. But you can see that good investment and if you have to rationalize it. Think about how much money you were spending on pills and then you can work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around it
Gwenevere Abriel: No matter what, no matter what. Be good to you, please, and put those things around you so that you can kind of remember them easier and easier and i'll see you this Saturday at seven.
Nick Graham: All right, thank you. See you then have a good
Gwenevere Abriel: Bye.
Bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, there was a real challenge with this last the internet for this, this person was so
Filled
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so it felt inclined to talk a little right at the end when we got the connection back
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: clueless and thinking about you and your, your grief and wondering if you're filling filling the blue still or fifth starting to improve any
Starting yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Something
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh no, that wasn't you. That wasn't the right, whether you did you send me messages now.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: That was somebody. Okay, let's go over to you note. All right, now what do you have set up in your car. Let's do a little em, Dr. If we can you got your, your tape or little things that you can have about shoulder width apart and have that phone sort of in between kind of workout that
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been doing this in cars all week.
Victoria reed: My cousin's kid the
Victoria reed: One other thing that I created.
Victoria reed: The
Victoria reed: It's nowhere around. No, that's crazy.
Victoria reed: About that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know they don't they just, they just don't think
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, the next little entertainment.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you have a little cup soda can, in the car, sometimes we can put that in between.
Victoria reed: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: While you're doing that. Take your time up, pull up a note here. Oh.
Victoria reed: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh hey, we gotta do.
Victoria reed: Everywhere and
Victoria reed: disappeared into thin air.
Started
Victoria reed: This work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Long as you can see my hand doing this.
Gwenevere Abriel: During your eyes, going left and right that's what you're going to want to get out of the corner of your eye.
Gwenevere Abriel: All I'm doing is really setting the tempo and then what you're looking at, are those objects that you have placed about shoulder width apart, on the left and right side of your phone.
Victoria reed: Hopefully it stays
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll be like raw drop
Victoria reed: Oh my gosh, I
Victoria reed: I looked everywhere.
Victoria reed: Have her
Kids
Victoria reed: Respect and not getting to it. I know kids, you know, the kids.
Victoria reed: Okay, let's see how that works. It's kind of lopsided but
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, let's take a look. So let me see. I want to blow your picture a little bit here so I can see your eyes and I want to see them moving. If I'm setting up pace like this and you're looking
Victoria reed: So what objects. You know what you
Victoria reed: Want okay this side would have to be the
Victoria reed: Window.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm watching. It's too hard on your eyes, you're going to end up hurting yourself and I don't want that. So this is want them to go. So you're doing this. See how they're going all the way over.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah strain. Um, so all I want you to do is this. Watch mine.
Victoria reed: You see, okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right on your dash. It's okay right on your dash. If you have a little, a little cup.
Victoria reed: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you have little objects that can sit right on your dash and then you can look back and forth your we're almost there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And if they can be the same level that would be super sauce.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then all we need a really, if you think about it a little paper cups or something.
Victoria reed: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It stay there.
In the car.
Victoria reed: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got a Starbucks cup and a Coke can last time. So kicky
Victoria reed: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, what do you see
Gwenevere Abriel: How many watch your eyes go from the top. They need to be at the top of those two objects.
Victoria reed: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm setting the pace. I see. Okay, you're looking down, we got to keep working at it. So on your dad. Almost there. Hang in there for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're worth it. Hang in there, you don't have to apologize. You're not doing anything wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: With it. Now think about what's in your car that it can be something like this. It could even be something slushy. That's fine. It's going to sit on the dashboard, but it needs to be up here. Let me show you why. Look at my eyes. It needs to be easy. I'm left and right and what you were doing.
Victoria reed: Looking down. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want you to have to do that. I wanted to be a nice easy comfortable left right hemisphere motion and and your gaze is just looking straight across.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do you have on the dashboard that you could put up there.
Victoria reed: Okay, there's like a little flower. I have right here.
Victoria reed: And then
Victoria reed: As I'm looking, I'm looking right at it, it's a little flower. Okay, and then
Gwenevere Abriel: So, and you if you're on if your phone is here. So here's your phone, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and is the flower about what is that six inches away.
Victoria reed: Yes, it's right here. Yeah, I don't have to look
Victoria reed: Much down or yeah okay I'll show you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay and then over on the right is what are your
Victoria reed: Left.
Victoria reed: I have a little bottle of hand sanitizer. It's a tiny little thing. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so let me see you moving between those two objects.
Let me see your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, don't stop at me. Just go left and right, left and right, left, and just back and forth. So now I want you to notice. Out of the corner of your eyes. Can you see the pace that I'm setting.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, you're good. So I'm setting it. I won't change it in the middle.
Gwenevere Abriel: To get a sense that you're kind of following my direction, but really out of the peripheral vision. You're not actually having to look at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we're gonna give it a try.
Gwenevere Abriel: Victoria. When you go, or I recommend you go to the dollar store.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get something that can sit up higher on your dashboard you
Didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you're fine. It's just if you end up what you could do is maybe do that taping and it could go to your dash your windshield and and the
Gwenevere Abriel: Dashboard, then it can sit here right out up in front of you and then you have these two things here and then there and then you can see me in the middle. And you'll see me moving
Gwenevere Abriel: My finger left and right. Just keep that in mind when you're out out in the community. If you happen to swing by one and it registers and head in there. All right, let's give this a shot today. All right, now let's make it relevant for you and you and I touched a little bit on
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, what did you talk about last time I have the dates of them, but we have age nine, we talked about it. So it's about in distress level. If I think
Gwenevere Abriel: Dad and taken off. You were left alone. You were struggling, you notice that your stomach was upset.
Victoria reed: There was a
Gwenevere Abriel: He may not come back or he's not going to ever come back and oh you blamed yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm, I thought I wasn't good enough wasn't being a good daughter. Yikes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: And on top of that your mom said it out loud. It's your fault.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is not a great thing to do from
Victoria reed: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't even I can't even pretend
Victoria reed: Like that one. Yes. And you know me, I knew that wasn't right. You know, I would never tell my kids, anything like that. Yeah, that's
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Bad
Man.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's scan your current life. Let's find something currently that you're noticing you're having what I would call some stinking thinking some negative thoughts that are coming in.
Gwenevere Abriel: When was kind of a vulnerable time for you this week where you had a negative appraisal about yourself something kind of went sideways. It didn't work out the way you wanted it to.
Victoria reed: And
Victoria reed: That would have to be
Victoria reed: When I had my flourish when my sciatica, and
Victoria reed: I'm, um,
Victoria reed: I took 800 milligrams of ibuprofen and then I took 1000 milligrams of acetaminophen yet like every
Victoria reed: Six hours, I would have to take the talent world acetaminophen.
Victoria reed: And I had to use some rub and everything. Nothing was really helping it so
Victoria reed: I just did the best I could. You
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a bath or anything. Like, have you ever done the opposite of what
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel like doing my guess is you feel like not moving, right. You want to lay down and not both.
Victoria reed: I actually, I put the heating pad like a massage or heating pad thing.
Victoria reed: Yeah, on the chair and I set against that after I used some
Victoria reed: What is it asked for cream. Yeah, some of that stuff.
Victoria reed: And then after a little while, I used a lighting lighter cane patch prescribed ones that I had from a while back, and they're not expired. So I, you know, use that and that seemed to work after a little while,
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, this may seem really odd.
Gwenevere Abriel: But have you ever actually moved when you have a flare up and what do your doctor say about that.
Victoria reed: I'm
Sarah advice.
Victoria reed: See
Victoria reed: If I laid. I know I can't lay down and when I'm having that because, oh my gosh, I won't be able to get up at all. Yeah, and that's just
Victoria reed: Horrible. So I have to find myself like I stack pills or whatever I can find, you know, so, because if I sit down on a chair one I'm having that and it's like lower you know the chair is like lower and it's hard for me to get up.
Victoria reed: So I have to put like pills and sit on those, you know, and it's easier and they gave me a walker, a while back. So in all use that to get up if I need it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did your doctor say that movement is ill advised
Victoria reed: I'm
Victoria reed: They told me to get wrist.
Victoria reed: And put like heat on it and then cold and
Victoria reed: Before so
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I can't, I can't go outside of my scope of training and tell you to move right but what I'm going to do is tell you anecdotally, you're not the only one going through that kind of pain. Right. And what I'm hearing is
Gwenevere Abriel: Specifically, the story is
Gwenevere Abriel: What I wanted to do was not wanted to
Take a pain home.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what this individual did instead was got up and walked
Gwenevere Abriel: And was very surprised that the relationship with her pain started to change. She was surprised she walked for 20 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And because everything in her history was, you know, don't move. Take something
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And what she found out was the pain got better. And she was moving so
Gwenevere Abriel: We changed her approach. So, all I'm saying is
Gwenevere Abriel: You know your body
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, if movement isn't the cause of the pain and we're made to be in motion were made to we're not supposed to be sedentary. We're not supposed to be staying seated and and length.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You may want to consider a little bit of movement, whether it's video doing all those things that you did the 800,000 the heating pad and and you may want to consider.
Gwenevere Abriel: A stretching video i mean it's it's it's something. What have you done it. Let's find out first. Have you done something like that.
Victoria reed: The stretching. Yes, I have.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're getting a flare up
Victoria reed: Yes, um,
Victoria reed: When I didn't leave down or nothing. I noticed after when I was doing the rubs and everything. And I would get up and I just didn't lay down. Then I noticed it started to go quicker than, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and I guess what I've
Learned to relieve
Gwenevere Abriel: What it does is gets blood flow in there.
Victoria reed: If you
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep it in motion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Victoria reed: Where is some stretches. Yeah, that they tell you to do with the sciatica. I looked on YouTube.
Victoria reed: Yeah, and I seen what they do further flareups
Victoria reed: Knows pretty good seemed to help because
Victoria reed: I'm doing good. Now, not, not usually. Oh, last for quite a while oil all about a whole week.
Gwenevere Abriel: So normally, it lasts a week.
Victoria reed: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes flare up
Victoria reed: It was short.
Gwenevere Abriel: Short. And what you notice you did differently, was what
Victoria reed: The stretches and the not laying down because oh my gosh, I will not be able to get up. If I lay down and then I'll
Victoria reed: I that time I they down like they told me to. And
Victoria reed: I almost had an accident, you know,
Victoria reed: My bladder.
Gwenevere Abriel: It sounds like what we're talking about, which is the body doesn't want
Gwenevere Abriel: To lay down if it doesn't rest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Meeting in motion and doing very light gentle stretching
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is indicated, it sounds like you know just what to do. And so the stretching
Yes.
Victoria reed: It's not here. No more. I'm good. Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: This originated with hearing about something that kind of is current something that had gone on recently. And so let's go into the cognitive part of it. Let's go into what you're thinking was, when this was all going on. What were some of the thoughts going through your head.
Victoria reed: Um,
Victoria reed: I wasn't able to get much sleep you know I have a issue with sleep a lot
Victoria reed: And I was just
Victoria reed: Thinking, I was tired, you know, like, really worn out.
Victoria reed: Cuz I would, I was cleaning up and
Just
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm worn out.
Victoria reed: Yeah, worn out and
Victoria reed: I think
Victoria reed: flared up. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What have you been doing, how, how many minutes or hours have you been cleaning and what would you cleaning
Victoria reed: I'm dusting because I yeah the dust around ain't no good.
Victoria reed: Start to have asthma attacks everything
Victoria reed: Is dust around
Victoria reed: I wanted it. And just to like throw stuff away that I didn't need or we didn't need notice clear stuff out.
Gwenevere Abriel: To you remember running across something that had any significance to you.
Victoria reed: I do remember having a dream. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me hear about that.
Victoria reed: Right before that I had a dream of a Black Widow
Victoria reed: And it
Victoria reed: attacked me
Victoria reed: Yeah, that's weird. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it like the that morning.
Victoria reed: Yes, it was actually, um, it was a real like a female Black Widow
Victoria reed: Because they are real big around and ahead an hourglass on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, read our glass on the on the belly or
Yes.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Victoria reed: And did you wait us. Yes, I did. And I thought that there was really one on me.
Victoria reed: That freaked me out.
Victoria reed: Yeah, I was wondering what the heck that man.
Victoria reed: Like am I gonna get bit or, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, we might I wrote that down and I want to do some dream analysis with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's see if we can stay on course with with this setup that you just did right in front of
Gwenevere Abriel: You and Dr. But I wrote it down. And so just curious just now. So you're talking about had the sciatic pain earlier in the day, um, you know, I was walking to this, this, you know, Black Widow dream.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then, and then you had the thought, I'm worn out.
Victoria reed: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: How distressing from zero to 100 is this that we're talking about right now.
Victoria reed: Oh nice dressing or tranquil
Gwenevere Abriel: At well okay so if I use the word stress people themselves into that experience. But if I say subjective unit of distress. If I say how distressing is that distress can encapsulate all of those emotions and then you're not stuck with having to force it into the word stress.
Gwenevere Abriel: For you right now. Victoria.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go to that imagery that Sciatic pain, having to solve it through ibuprofen acetaminophen heating pad.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe you remembered I got a little lost in the story of the stretching. But that's, I think, a part of it, either before after or during and. And the thought was
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm worn out.
Victoria reed: Yes, how
Gwenevere Abriel: Distressing is that from zero to 100 let's give it a number. And you might register the distress in the body, not sure, but let's give it a number
Victoria reed: The 665
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I didn't ask you what the emotion was holding that memory in your in your consciousness and your working memory, what do you label the emotion that went with this story. You just told me
Victoria reed: Anxiety.
Victoria reed: Worry
Gwenevere Abriel: And the thought is, I'm worn out.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I ever get it wrong, you can always clarify.
Gwenevere Abriel: Say no, that's not it. It's this. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, picture that in your mind's eye just sort of hold it there. A little bit longer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Being aware of that, pulling in the imagery of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the negative cognition and negative thought the word cognition and solder the same thing. So the negative cognition is I am more now. Now, for a moment, I want you
Gwenevere Abriel: To think for a moment what you would rather be thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: About yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Versus I'm more now.
Gwenevere Abriel: The positive belief about yourself, would be what
Gwenevere Abriel: I am
Victoria reed: What I'm strong. Relax.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Strong and relaxed.
Gwenevere Abriel: With you today is I think we'll do a little bit of the desensitization part and then we're going to
Gwenevere Abriel: shift gears.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we'll pull in
Gwenevere Abriel: Some of the imagery. You know those positive nurturing protective and wise figures and will pull in this positive cognition with it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I've got something stuck in my throat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so we're going to doing this bilateral stimulation here in a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is basically how it's going to go. I'm going to ask you to pull up into your awareness and image, the worst picture of it. I'm going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Ask you to hold that negative cognition and then you're going to be looking at those two objects and I'll be setting the tempo here in front of you with my finger.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're going to see it go a little faster on the first part of this, and then later on when we do the positive cognition, so I'll be slowing down a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's not going to be a lot of talking in between, you'll just hear me say, Okay, and let's have a nice inhale and then exhale, and then I'm going to say what's coming up for you. And when I say that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a very open ended question, but we want to catches.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you felt could be in your body could be an emotion could be a new thought. Try not to edit it.
Victoria reed: I wanted him.
Gwenevere Abriel: may only be a brief statement and then we may do what's called another iteration I made will breathe. When I say, so what's coming up for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll tell me nice short sentence and we'll do it again. So it's not a lot of back and forth talking, it's, it's going to be more that structure. I just described, it's not going to be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay. So let's begin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull that image up, you're in this physical pain and pull up the worst part. The worst image that comes to mind you shared a story about a Black Widow and you were experiencing Sciatic pain. The worst element.
Gwenevere Abriel: That memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold it in your awareness and then I want you to be thinking about. I'm worn out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I want you to open your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And watch you look at the two objects. As I pointed them back and forth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, let's have a nice nourishing inhale together, inhale through the nose and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it go, let it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: And gently. Notice what comes up for you.
Victoria reed: Come
Gwenevere Abriel: feeling calm. Okay.
Yeah.
Victoria reed: Really
Gwenevere Abriel: So what level of distress, are you at right now.
Victoria reed: Have to be mad at
Victoria reed: 2020
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do it again hold that pitch.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm worn out and kind of go with calm and relief and we're going to do this again it'll stay at that kind of pace. We were at before. When you're ready, open your eyes and hold it in your working awareness stay conscious of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's inhale together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhaling letting it all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just see what you notice
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you notice any thoughts or emotions anything passed by the mind.
Victoria reed: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing. Nothing passed through and how
Gwenevere Abriel: From zero to 100 how much distress. Are you in right now.
Victoria reed: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's go with that. So, work hard to pull up that negative them. The worst part of that. Okay. Picture it, and this negative
Gwenevere Abriel: Cognition, I'm more now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm more relaxed and let's go with that. Okay, try to hold your awareness and looking left to my
Gwenevere Abriel: Together nice nourishing breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Go.
Are you experiencing.
Victoria reed: Relief
Gwenevere Abriel: Relief and free
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's your level of your son at this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think you know
Gwenevere Abriel: If it could get to zero or is do you think you know what it is that keeps it from going to zero or could it go to zero.
Victoria reed: It could go to zero.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if it does, we'll do another iteration, I should say. So again, this is the desensitization part pull up that worst image got to really think about it, hold it there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that negative cognition worn out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And go with I feel relief and free
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's open your eyes. When you're ready, and hold it in your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then exhale, letting it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you observe about the South.
Victoria reed: No worries.
Gwenevere Abriel: closer to zero.
Victoria reed: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so net 00 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And just so you know sometimes people are tempted to want to please the therapist.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so be you got to really pay the only you'll know that so you got to pay real close attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, because
Gwenevere Abriel: I can only do my job if you're
Being honest zone.
Gwenevere Abriel: So be real careful because it won't do you any good.
Victoria reed: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I'm saying. So I it's really risky for me to ask that question about the zero because we could go another direction depending on what you said and that's okay to just
Gwenevere Abriel: Got to manage that part. Alright, so we got down to zero. And now what I'd like to do is I want you to think about your, your team.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to think about your team of protector which what we got in here. We've got wolf.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wolf, so go deeply into it and you can close your eyes and we're going to do some much slower iterations integrating this positive team we've got wolf.
As a protector.
Gwenevere Abriel: And be near it a part of it. Let
Victoria reed: It go great with you as your
Gwenevere Abriel: Grandmother and cat as a nurturing quality is also a part of this imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: And then, including the wisdom quality, the wise figure of your aunt, Peggy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And have the whole team interacting with you give yourself permission to have it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go in your own way, whatever happens without imagery is just time
Gwenevere Abriel: Just be present with it, see what it does.
Gwenevere Abriel: Seem like you're very present with those those qualities
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's have you open your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're going to do it nice and slow. Okay. Still going to look at the two objects holding the awareness of that imagery protected figure nurturing quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wise figure, hold it in your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then exhaling now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Turn to yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me know how it feels to to be present with those qualities
Victoria reed: Happy
Gwenevere Abriel: Birthday. Oh great, happy and safe. That's beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: And for you this notion of me see if I can find it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am
Gwenevere Abriel: Wrong. Because I'm strong your positive cognition.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was strong and relaxed.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is on a different scale, right now I want you to picture from one to seven totally different kind of number reference. How true is it right now try and catch it.
Gwenevere Abriel: For one to seven seven being absolutely true. I'm strong and relaxed seven being absolutely true. One is not true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's take that positive of cognition. I want you to hold it, hold it in your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's summon up that WORST piece all that negative imagery. You were you had earlier, pull it into your awareness and this time I want you to be thinking. I am strong and relaxed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's inhale together nice inhale through the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale, letting it go
Let it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you're ready, share what you noticed
Victoria reed: Peaceful peaceful
Gwenevere Abriel: And how true is it that you are strong and relaxed.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how distressed. Are you right now.
Victoria reed: Zero.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's take a little bit of time.
Gwenevere Abriel: What what you just did.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think this is the first time you've done this right
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So kind of walk me through what your experience of it was like, and
Victoria reed: Very helpful calming and
Victoria reed: Pushed every negative thought I had
Victoria reed: Put it pushed it out.
Victoria reed: I feel good.
Victoria reed: I look forward to, you know, my individual as well as my group, but more so my individual
Victoria reed: Something you know I get to talk about stuff and get to do these little
Victoria reed: Things and it helps. It really does.
Victoria reed: Me feel better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me maybe to set up for next time I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Thinking about maybe something
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to be thinking about it, it'll middle of john it
Gwenevere Abriel: Will will probably go into another story. Another part of of history, perhaps, and thank you, what we've gotten
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you notice as far as the physiological experience of this left right by lateral movement. Did you, was it uncomfortable. I want to check in on that.
Victoria reed: Make sure one more time, one of the times.
Victoria reed: My I want this, I felt like it was kind of burning
Victoria reed: Okay, but yeah.
Victoria reed: Oh, anything other than that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, I would say next time member, you've got some options you
Gwenevere Abriel: Have this
Victoria reed: Higher
Gwenevere Abriel: Of what you've got to Pfizer
Victoria reed: That you think is
Gwenevere Abriel: He hanging tape from and be having two things hanging little beads
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean you got one here. If you don't want to place two objects, but really what you're looking for is you want to have stuff like like this.
Victoria reed: Right, yeah, kind of high level.
Gwenevere Abriel: And only shoulder width apart. My concern is that they're really far and you still might be
Victoria reed: Yeah, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Think you're still straining your eyes. So maybe your homework is finding another sort of system of having think about you know about 1520 inches apart. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yeah, but I'm glad you told me, because we need to keep refining it doesn't hurt you.
Victoria reed: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's take some time and look over the next time we're going to meet I
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't believe it's going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: 17th through the 21st is our next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, and I have
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, would you be able to meet either next Wednesday at 8am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or to to to to to to stay at 8am. I know it's a real shift because we were doing this nine o'clock thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you ever up that early
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So which appeals to you, February 18th at eight in the morning or February 19
Victoria reed: I'm probably February 19
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So February 19 8am.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we are we are good, good, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there anything else.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to keep me up to date on. Do I need to send a message about medication, are you good to go.
Victoria reed: I'm good for the week. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: A wonderful. It was a pleasure doing this with you and I can see based on how readily you were able to sort of integrate it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hear real workable technique and for you.
Victoria reed: Really is helpful.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's cool. All right, sweetie. I'll see you. I'll see you next next group.
Victoria reed: All right. Thank you.
Victoria reed: Bye.